Update notary registration info (#1330)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/deploying/notaries/notary-deployment.md

  - `"corda.notary.service.name" : <x500 name>` - This is a user-specified X.500 name for the notary service that this virtual node will represent. This is the name that will be used by CorDapps when specifying which notary to use for notarization.

  - `"corda.notary.service.flow.protocol.name" : "com.r3.corda.notary.plugin.nonvalidating"` - This attribute replaces the validating Boolean flag in Corda 4. This is effectively the equivalent to setting `validating = false` in Corda 4.

>   - `"corda.notary.service.flow.protocol.version.0" : "1"` - This must be specified and must be set to version 1 for now. The 0 on the end of the name reflects the fact that in future there may be multiple versions supported, which would be reflected in the MGM standard way using 1, 2, 3 for each additional version supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `"corda.notary.service.flow.protocol.version.0" : "1"` - This must be specified and currently must be set to version 1. The 0 at the end of the name reflects the fact that in future there may be multiple versions supported, with additional versions specified by 1,2, and so on. 
```
